CARE-64: Add support for ESLint CLI options (#25)
Lombiq/Gulp-Extensions: Readme.md

gulp.task(
    'build:scripts',
    () => jsTargets.compile(source, destination, (pipeline) => pipeline.pipe(babel({ presets: ['@babel/preset-env'] }))));

> // You can also pass options for ESLint pipeline
> // Example for fixing auto fixable rule violations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// You can also pass additional options to ESLint.
// Here's an example for fixing automatically fixable rule violations in-place:
```
